Jim do you Gino is a veteran author and
researcher lately focusing on JFK's
foreign policy is the author of Destiny
betrayed JFK Cuba and the garrison case
now in its second edition he's a regular
guest on Leno Phoenix black-op radio he
writes for Robert Perry's consortium
news and he's the principle behind what
most active and important assassination
websites
ww Kennedy's and king.com
which is constantly updated with new
articles book reviews and important news
about the assassinations of both JFK RFK
and dr. Martin Luther King jr. among a
lot of other interesting items I want to
kind of title this the JFK assassination
in the public mind I hope we'll be able
to talk about not so much about the
events of the assassination and all that
but kind of the ebb and flow of the
public perception of the case over the
years go over the long term cover-up in
the press and officialdom um and look
into how efforts like people like the
early researchers Jim Garrison and
Oliver Stone were able to bring the
facts of the case to light and then look
at some of the different ways the
official story has changed from the HSE
a to the ARB I know it's a big topic but
I hope we can make a dent in it and
there are definitely few if any who know
the history of the case like Jim so I
appreciate your your talking to me today
okay you're walking David well I guess I
was thinking that uh we could start with
there is the the the period between the
assassination itself and um and when the
Warren Commission comes out I wonder if
you could talk about what may be the
view of the case in the public at that
time was what were the actors
controlling the narrative and was there
really any dissent to to the narratives
that some of the larger media outlets
were putting out the period of time
you're talking about is a prong last
approximately
about ten to eleven months all right
from November to 22nd 1963 until the
issuance of the warning port at the end
of September 1964 and then the issuance
of the volumes the 26 volumes of
exhibits and testimony which is in
though I think the third week of October
of 1964 Nana this is a very very very
important time period for a couple
reasons number one the Warren Commission
for whatever reason decided to work in
secret all right in other words the
actual hearings except for two
exceptions were not open to the public
all right so in other words needed the
media or public citizens could actually
get in to the depositions and the
hearings in Washington all right and so
therefore everything that was said in
those depositions and earrings was not
privy to the media the newspapers to TV
or to the public at large so nobody knew
was happening now these I mentioned two
exceptions the only exceptions were the
appearances of MA claim who demanded
they be open to the public all right so
those are the only exceptions to the I
think there was something like 500
witnesses right so only mark lanes were
actually open to the public all right
now well how so in other words this
leaves the question how did the public
get its information about what was
happening in the case and the answer
that question was through leaks in other
words deliberate leaks you know by the
major one was
jagira Hoover Clyde Tolson and their
underlings would leak information to the
press that would get into the news cycle
and almost every single one of those
leaks well not almost everyone but
everyone every single one of those leaks
was incriminating to Oswald and this is
how they built up this press of drumbeat
for Oswald's guilt it's astonishing when
you think of it that the press did not
complain about this it's really
surprising in retrospect because the
today of course no matter what happens
the press is right there pounding on the
door saying we have a right to beer that
didn't happen with the Warren Commission
very very weird in retrospect and so
because of that arrangement when the
Warren report was issued and the
accompanying lines were issued the
mainstream media accepted it with open
arms
in fact that's that's an understatement
it was more than open arms it was
accepted with unanimous and incredibly
powerful praise for the effort now how
could that happen of course on the first
or second day if the reports 888 pages
long and the answer is it couldn't have
happened that was not a legitimate
reaction the again this was basically
through leaks all right it is basically
a through accommodating people in the
press to give you the greatest example
like I know of is that on the day the
one report was issued CBS News put
together a special report praising the
warm report now how on earth you read
888 pages in one day and put together a
documentary special and the answer is
it's impossible alright so in other
words somebody was accommodating CBS CBS
was very appreciative of those efforts
all right and so therefore in advance of
the release they were sort of like
acting as a public relations outfit for
the warm report that's how bad that's
how bad the the mainstream media was and
that's why that's such an important time
period but there was one thing that was
wrong there was one thing that the
mainstream media could not erase and
that was the image of Jack Lew be
shooting Oswald in the basement of the
Dallas police city hall live on
television that particular event was a
one fly in the ointment so to speak so
that therefore in 1964 public belief in
what the government was saying and doing
took a toboggan slide downward when the
war report was issued because nobody
nobody could possibly believe that Jack
Ruby killed the Harvey Oswald because he
didn't want to see her come to Dallas
for a trial that was the one fly in the
ointment okay no so what's the let me
out with her I mean was the media
coverage basically uniform where they're
not maybe smaller newspapers or some
reporters in Dallas was there they were
very very very few dissenters at that
time very few there was Mark Lane okay
and Mark mark Lane was a valiant
crusader up there in New York all right
there was an article in The New Republic
by a college professor named Staunton
Lynde okay and there was a article in
the nation okay about the ear witnesses
in Dealey Plaza was hearing shots from
the grassy knoll
so that and of course lanes article in
The Guardian that was a left-wing
socialist
publication all right but that
particular article caused that
particularly issue the garden of the
Guardian this cell if I remember
correctly about close to 100,000 copies
and that was about it and that was about
it for the dissenting views on the on
the on the Oswald did it verdict well so
ok so then you brought us up as a point
the Warren Commission comes out I don't
think we have to go over what is in the
others most everybody knows that but
then you do have this group of these
early books that kind of come out in
between the release of the Warren
Commission and say the start of Jim
Garrison's case do you want to talk
about some media there were there were
several early books for example but they
were published in Europe originally okay
this was by Thomas Buchanan on an
American expatriate living in France at
the time all right and there was another
book by Joakim Justine okay who I think
was a German or Austrian who fled the
Third Reich okay and he wrote an
interesting book I think it was Oswald
assassin or fall guy alright and the
Warren Commission was aware of those two
books and they got them information on
them through the I think the CIA alright
but then because those books were
written abroad okay they didn't have
quite the impact that the first writers
did in in the United States the first
writers who really viciously attack I
mean and I mean really heart attacks on
the Warren Report which of course
deserved it were business so Andrea
Gerald Weisberg
had Edward Epstein mark Lane and Josiah
Thompson
all right and also Richard pumpkin those
authors for example Thompson's book six
seconds in Dallas was on the cover The
Saturday Evening Post mark lanes book
rush to judgment spent something like a
combined 50 weeks on the New York Times
bestseller list all right um
so those books really began to have an
impact on the public psyche all right
because they sold so well and they
actually and back in those days I mean
it's I know it's hard to believe for us
today but back in those days
Mark Twain actually got on national
television you know which is pretty much
unheard of today I mean today critics of
the warning port can't even get on cable
television
alright but back then you know Mark
Twain actually got on national
television which was which is an amazing
feat for considering what we're up
against today and so those books began
to have those books in FAS began to have
a very very powerful impact on the
public psyche our and it's really really
kind of on your mind the the belief that
the governor was telling the truth about
the JFK assassination right now the next
big step of course was when Jim Garrison
began to work on the JFK case because
Oswald had been in New Orleans for about
57 months in the in the year 1963 for
about April of 1963 until the last few
days of September 1963 Oswald had been
in New Orleans and so garrison had done
a very brief and cursory investigation
in right after the assassination and
then he
turned over his suspect David Ferrie to
the FBI the FBI essentially let David
Ferrie lies head-on to them all right
and then they let him go
and so garrison drop the investigation
all right was something he regretted
later all right so when all the
controversy began to hit garrison
reopened his investigation in the fall
of 1966 all right and he worked on the
case for about I'd say about three
months before his investigation was
exposed by the local press and then I
that's the way went nationwide okay and
really that was a very serious blow to
garrison because when he was working in
secret or relative secret he was making
very good progress you know it's it's
when he began to be attacked by the
national media all right to do the
exposure of his investigation by the
local papers you know that he began to
get kind of waylaid and trapped
okay I by let's let us say not very
honorable reporters who really had a
hidden agenda which was to have no
investigation of all at all of the JFK
case and so what happened then is you
had two nationally televised programs
one by NBC and one a four-part series by
CBS the NBC program was directly aimed
at Jim Garrison the CBS program was
aimed at reviving the Warren Report
right
they were both and I've written about
both of them to show just how bad they
were but they were pretty horrible okay
and in the listener or the reader can go
ahead we'll find
articles online the one I did about CBS
you can see at my website can these
inkay that's the long version or the
short version which is at consortium
news Bob Perry's website how CBS a to
JFK cover-up and that was done that
particular article was done because the
I knew a friend of a friend of mine
Roger Fineman used to work for CBS and
he protested what he saw CBS doing in
their 1967 and 1975 programs all right
and he obtained some of the
documentation showing just how CBS had
violated its own standards and practices
in order to cut corners and essentially
deceive the public all right about the
facts of the one report and they also
let John McCloy who was the course is
one of the Warren commissioners perform
as a consultant to the program now that
of course is a violation of any
journalistic you know Canon you can't
have a guy who you're supposed to be
investigating you know having input to
the program that's supposed to expose
him okay but that's what they did and
they kept that a secret they kept that a
secret for years and years on in you
know so that's how bad the mainstream
media was on both the garrison
investigation and in defending the
warming port now one of the most
interesting things the most interesting
event that I can think of is the fact
that Jim Garrison in response to that
NBC show basically attacking him was
able to go on national TV and do a
30-minute spot simply about his case can
you talk about that and the effect that
had and also about his appearance on
Johnny Carson and Steve Allen kind of
that's the played into the into the
public sentiment what you're talking
about is that after Walter Sheridan
produced his hit piece on garrison which
is in the summer of 1967 it was so
obviously one-sided and so obviously a
hatchet job that garrison was allowed to
petition the FCC under the equal time
and the Fairness Doctrine which of
course we don't have anymore
see back in those days if you were
unfairly attacked okay in the mass media
all right especially the broadcast media
you could petition the Federal
Communications Commission under the
doctrines of the Fairness Doctrine an
equal turn all right okay and they would
grant you if you prove your case they
would grant you that privilege that
actually it's a right all right and so
garrison did all right and it was it was
a remarkable that the FCC actually
decided in his favor although it only
gave him 30 minutes the show was 60
minutes all right and so he was allowed
to go on national TV
and he did a pretty nice he didn't
really devote the time to rebutting the
charges in the show he went for a
broader can spec this on the case about
the autopsy evidence and the Warren
Commission working on secret okay yeah
and that was well garrison was allowed
to address the public now the second
appearance you're talking about that was
on The Tonight Show and that was
arranged by Mort song Mort Sahl of
course was an actually still around
today was a nationally known
comedian all right who was very
interested in the Kennedy case because
he was a friend of the John F Kennedy
all right and so he was disturbed by
what had happened with the Warren
Commission and he had been hosting a
local radio show out in San Jose at the
time 1966 1957 show was doing very well
and he frequently bought up the Kennedy
assassination and once he started doing
that he ran into some trouble with
station management okay all right so he
went down to visit Jim Garrison and he
came away favorably impressed and when
he started giving garrison favorable
press on his radio show the show was
terminated so later on he 100 Tonight
Show on an appearance and towards the
end of his appearance he turned to the
audience and said wouldn't you like to
hear from Jim Garrison himself on your
show about what he's discovering down
there in New Orleans about the Kennedy
assassination and the crowds
vociferously replied yes we would
and so Carson was trapped you know on
camera all right
instantly had to agree to go ahead and
put garrison on but see this was the
problem the problem was The Tonight Show
was on NBC which was the same program
that had been the production entity for
Walter Sheridan's hatchet job okay so
the people who ran NBC at that time
David and rotten and Robert Sarnoff okay
we're not going to go ahead and let
garrison you know essentially obliterate
the hour-long show again on national TV
so what they did of course is they
heavily prepared Johnny Carson
right and for a number of days in
advance and in fact when Garrison came
in that day all right though NBC lawyers
interviewed him and they prepared cue
cards for Johnny Carson so from the
minute Garrison came on it was not an
interview it was an NBC lawyer sponsored
Inquisition all right okay and it got so
bad that by the end of the show the
audience was fitting you know who you
know Carson had been a very famous and
popular host but they were favoring Jim
Garrison and you can hear when garrison
says that Lyndon Johnson sponsored the
cover-up up for the Warren Commission
and Carson goes well why would he do
something like that and Garrison says
words of the effect I don't know why
don't you ask him Johnny
and everybody cracked up okay and Carson
was humiliated and after the show after
the show Carson was so angry that he
turned to Mort Sahl was in the wings
there and said you're never going to be
in this program again and by the way he
wasn't hmm it wasn't until Carson
retired and Jay Leno took over the show
that Mort Sahl came back on The Tonight
Show Wow that's out that's how angry
Carson was about the whole affair oh
well there's one other subject I want to
ask about because I think you might
collect me I don't know a whole lot
about this but I think it was kind of
the government's reaction to the
garrison case was the the clock panel
which I guess even tell us about it but
if that's right that it was a reaction
of the garrison case and then this is
where they move the bullet hole on the
back of the head by four inches is this
correct and was that response to go yes
the the okay now the wave with your
charm that is a Ramsey Clark Channel
was prepared and actually 19 I think
either Commission in late 1967 studied
in 1968 but not released until the eve
of the Clay Shaw trial so it was
originally started for to counteract the
impact of Josiah Thompson's book six
seconds in Dallas all right because in
his in that book he had access as a
fruit or film because he was working at
Life magazine and he actually was able
to put very close illustrations in the
book okay as to the actual shot
sequencing all right and so one of the
illustrations he has in the book is the
kit on Kennedy skull which if you recall
the one Commission put low on the back
of this goal alright and then the exit
for that shot which again according to
the Warren Commission was above and to
the right of the right ear so if you
match up that frame in the supporter
film you will see that it makes for an
almost impossible trajectory because the
bullet comes in low okay at the back of
the head and exits high on the top right
of the head alright because Kennedy is
not nearly his head is not nearly been
over enough to allow for a straight
trajectory so the government went to
work on this Ramsey Clark appointed a
panel which was led by Russell Fisher
who I believe was the coroner in
Baltimore
that time okay and very friendly to the
government and the CIA and so he put
together a pound that did I think about
if I remember correctly something like
one week's work on this issue all right
and so they decided that somehow the
original autopsy was wrong okay and so
they moved down the she moves up the
penalty perforation in the back of the
skull four inches to the top of the
skull all right the cowlick area alright
and that was supposed to take care of
this problem of the Thompson problem and
they also by the way lowered the back
one okay from the neck because everybody
knows Gerald Ford changed the Warren
Report at the last minute and instead he
placed the wound in the neck area the
lower neck area when in fact the
original autopsy puts that hole in the
back alright and so they made those two
alterations and then they waited they
waited until jury selection and the clay
shot trial down in New Orleans to
release that official report which still
backed the official version that Oswald
had killed Kennedy but it changed the
autopsy so so in other words no and
again this tells you how bad the
mainstream media is on a JFK case
because again the Clark panel
was accepted okay and I can't remember
anybody asking any questions about wait
a minute
hi how do you change an autopsy without
exhuming the body but that's what they
did that's what they did
all right now the other problem was that
the Clark panel course is that suddenly
was the appearance of the so-called six
point five millimeter fragment on the
inch race all right because they had to
have something that based upon you know
raising this wound in the back four
inches right so so suddenly they have
the six point five millimeter fragment
on the x-rays which the House Select
Committee also backed which
unfortunately for them none of the
doctor doctors remember seeing that
night all right so you have this you
know incredible appearance out of the
shadows of this supposed 6.5 mm which of
course matches the ammunition that the
Warren Commission said that Oswald used
so that's another example of the
government working in secret and going
ahead and trying to bushwhack you know
the Jim Garrison investigation down
there all right now also in the
declassified documents we have from the
ARB the CIA put together something
called the garrison group which we have
I think four meetings of in which is CIA
began to map out actions against Jim
Garrison because of the first meeting of
the garrison group Ray Rocca who was gen
Angleton's first assistant said that it
words the effective garrison is allowed
to proceed clay Shah will be convicted
and that was in September of 1967 all
right and so the CIA now began to go
ahead and map out actions they could
take one of them was interfering
in the subpoena process we have that in
documents now that the CIA sent lawyers
out to go ahead and top the judges in
certain areas where Girish was issuing
subpoenas so that the subpoenas would
not be served upon their subjects and
that we even have cases where the CIA
went ahead and interfered down in New
Orleans with judges who were issuing
subpoenas and we also have of course the
CIA what they call the cleared attorneys
panel what that is is that in war --lens
when Garrison's investigation after was
exposed and he began interviewing
witnesses and and issuing subpoenas in
New Orleans the clay Shahs lawyers
especially Irvin diamond began to
recruit other lawyers in order to give
these people these prospective witnesses
prospective suspects furnished him with
attorneys the CIA would pay for it all
right and we all have that in writing
also for example Gordon Novell when he
fled New Orleans because garrison wanted
to calm before the grand jury ended up
with four lawyers who under deposition
in a legal proceeding
he admitted Edie wasn't paying for them
they are being renewed he's in his race
they are being remunerate 'add by other
sources okay
so that that's how extensive the
government apparatus was and of course
we also know the FBI was tapping
Garrison's phone and putting bugs into
his office and following him around okay
where were you lent to all right so
that's seen in JFK and then Oliver
Stone's Libby where they discover a bug
in the wall that's based upon fact all
right all right so those are some of the
some of the things that
government digits were garrison so now
how did how did the case itself that was
going on play out in the media were you
able to read about the case in the New
York Times and The Washington Post or
did did the major media treat it as a
non-event we know that they trashed
garrison a lot well the only newspaper
is that you could get any continuous
coverage of was down in New Orleans all
right
the state's item and the times-pic Ian
and the other major news outlets from
newspaper outlets that would be the New
York Times The Washington Post the LA
Times this what they did is they
assigned reporters who they essentially
read the riot act to and AG one example
be Jerry Cohen of the LA Times all right
and they essentially said we're not
going to give you any don't give this
guy any quarter all right we're going to
go after him the whole time even even
when they knew better for example Edie
Guttman was one of the editors of the LA
Times at the time of the garrison case
okay mogera so zooms investigation and
since he had worked for Robert Kennedy
alright he has some inside information
to the Justice Department well got men
remember Guttman supervising this
negative coverage through : a garrison
right and I actually woke government
about this you know and he told me he
put his top guys on it alright and said
garrison didn't have anything well later
turns out that Guttman knew fewer
sources the Justice Department that Clay
Shaw was clay Bertrand alright
and that was Declassified by the that
note was Declassified by the ARB so in
other words even though Guttman knew
at one of the prime feces of Garrison's
inquiry that Shaw was Bertrand even
though we knew that was true he still
sent Cowan out to go ahead and do a hit
job on Jim Garrison alright now let me
so people who don't know why that's
important Dean Andrews a New Orleans
lawyer alright was solicited by a guy
called clay Bertrand okay to go to
Dallas and defend Oswald within 24 hours
of the assassination all right okay when
Jim Garrison asked interviewed Andrews
and said who's this clay Bertrand guy
Andrews would not tell him and he
eventually told him that look if I tell
you this guy is ok uh my physical
well-being is going to be in danger
right and by the way Andrews was always
consistently and Andrew was always
consistent with that because he told the
same thing to Mark Lane before garrison
he told the same thing to anthony
summers after the garrison airship all
right well if Bertrand was Clay Shaw
which is what garrison came to do
inclusion oh okay then the obvious
question is why would shock call Andrews
go to Dallas to defend Oswald very
interesting question which he never got
the chance to ask him because of people
like ed Guttman saying that his
investigation was up a creek without a
paddle when in fact they knew that he
was crying by the way the FBI knew that
also the FBI knew that too that's how
Guttman knew because the FBI had been
furnished we again have this to the ARB
declassification process the FBI had
been furnished information about Clay
Shaw in December of 1963 in other words
their original and inquiry into the
Kait case they were getting information
about Shawn and then it comes the
conclusion also that Shah was Bertrand
okay so the FBI knew the Justice
Department knew had government knew but
there but we have this sorry spectacle
they're all denying it in public see
this is what I mean when I talk about
the schizoid nature of the American
press on the JFK case alright and this
you know descends into the public
alright so we have this I don't know
what you would call it you know you
would have like a split personality
you know people knowing certain things
are true and accurate but being forced
to deny them in public for I assume the
public consumption but the problem is
that who are they kidding because most
of the public doesn't believe this story
anyway right so this is a really kind of
you know if we had this patient in a
psychiatrist office the very interesting
advice that the psychiatrist give that
person you know as to why are you doing
what you're doing when it makes
absolutely no sense and does not align
with the facts so that's how weird
that's how special the whole mainstream
media's relationship to the John F
Kennedy cases you know all right all
right all right so let's you know I
guess the garrison case is happening
through the late 60s so but you've also
got Vietnam going on then you're kind of
moving into the Watergate era and
basically trust in the government is
just completely collapsed so that leads
to it's Rockefeller Commission which
partially investigated some aspects of
the JFK case the Church Committee which
investigated the CIA and FBI performance
and then all of that will kind of leads
us into the House Select Committee on
assassinations
I don't you want to talk some about you
know why and what the Church Committee
and Rockefeller committees were or
I'm about to get a kiss okay this this
erupted after Watergate okay there were
several people in Washington who
believed that the CIA had a larger role
in Watergate than what the Ervin
committee was willing to reveal about it
and in fact the Minority Report which
was authored by the late Fred Thompson a
Tennessee lawyer and a friend of Howard
Baker actually tried to explore that
angle all right so when the Rockefeller
Commission and the Church Committee came
out does were supplemented by the first
national showing of this brooder film in
the summer of 1975 the problem of the
Rockefeller Commission was that Gerald
Ford and Nelson Rockefeller appointed
David Balan to be the chief counsel all
right Valon of course was one of the
lawyers in the Warren Commission so that
kind of turned out to be a joke all
right
but the church committee had Richard
Schweiker and Gary Hart running that
particular subcommittee the church
committee and they actually were very
interested in finding out some facts
about the JFK case and in fact Schweiker
even more than Gary Hart was convinced
that the Warren Report was it as he
called it a house of cards you know that
had collapsed all right and he was a guy
who actually employed Gaytan Fonzie
because Fonzie at that time was a
reporter for Philadelphia Magazine and
the Shocker was from Pennsylvania so
Gaytan Fonzie did a lot of interesting
investigation and that's where the whole
idea that Maurice Bishop was David
Phillips
okay that's where it originated when
dayton Fonzie was working under the
Schweiker heart committee and theater
was praying like a big CIA agent offsite
right yeah gee David Phillips of course
was at that time supposedly a retired
CIA officer but he had risen prior to
that as the head of the Western
Hemisphere okay
and during the Kennedy assassination
okay
which of course was November 63 Phillips
was head of the Cuban operations desk
out of Mexico City and he was running
also the CIA counterintelligence program
against a fair play for Cuba committee
which is very interesting those two
positions because of course
zil is supposed to be the single member
of the fair play for Cuba committee in
New Orleans there were no other members
and his office just happened to be is
5:44 chemistry where guy Bannister was
okay to that all right
and of course oswald allegedly went to
mexico city after he left the warmest so
phillips of course would be in close
proximity you know to both of those
things and the key and didn't antonia
Vesey honor who was a member of alpha 66
told in pharmacy that he saw Bishop with
Oswald in the fall of 1963 at the South
man building in Dallas all right so that
was a very very important lead all right
and that and the church committee
investigated their specific assignment
was the performance of the FBI and the
CIA in relation to the Warren Commission
and that was a decidedly negative report
the the Church Committee report on that
subject and they have really criticized
especially
Hoover to perform to the FBI in
relationship to the Warren Commission
and that was the first time we actually
saw that the Warren Commission at least
an official mode okay that the Warren
Commission was really at the mercy of
these other bodies in Washington it was
not in any way an independent inquiry
right and it relied very heavily upon
outside agencies like the FBI the CIA
and the Secret Service and for the first
time an official body said that those
guys didn't do their job very well all
right
that of course leaded the House Select
Committee which for about eight or nine
months there was really a lot of hope
that finally the Kennedy assassination
was going to be addressed with the first
rate inquiry because they had hired Dick
Sprague Dick Sprague had a marvelous
reputation as a Philadelphia district
attorney and I think I'm firing number
correctly he won 73 cases and lost one
or two all right
and he did a lot of homicide
investigations right and he had solved a
very high-profile case the murder of
labor leader jockey Blonsky all right
and so he knew how to investigate murder
cases okay and he is very experienced
with detectives and policemen and he was
very thorough okay and he in turn hired
Bob Tannenbaum who was I think had a
homicide in in New York City's DA's
office
all right and for the first time and
then these guys actually had money you
know they had a pretty decent
see Jim Garrison didn't have any money
okay because he had to go to do these
lectures you know universities and
colleges throughout the country to raise
money for his inquiry well these guys
were actually going to get hundreds of
thousands of dollars you know in order
to do this inquiry but what happened of
course is that the big lobbying the FBI
and the CIA through there you know
representatives in Congress and on the
hill began to go ahead and register
their disdain for any thorough vetting
of either the JFK case or the Martin
Luther King case from Tom downing who
was a head of that committee at first he
told me that the FBI lobbied against the
King case the CIA lobbied against Oh
reopen the JFK case all right then
downing left and because he hews of
high-profile lawyer in Newport News
Virginia all right and downing left and
20 and and Gonzalez Henry Gonzalez a new
chairman got into a personal dust-up
with Sprague which ended up spelling
both of their exits from the committee
Tannenbaum agreed to stay on for a few
months as a caretaker along with Al
Lewis was another guy that Sprague
brought in from Pennsylvania and they
tried to find a replacement which was
not easy to do okay they you know they
solicited several people including
Arthur Goldberg you know but Goldberg
when he talked his Stansell Turner he
asked them I and get the CIA's
cooperation and Turner essentially said
I cannot guarantee that and so he
wouldn't take a job so then they came up
with the they came up with a university
professor okay um well now a Notre Dame
Bob Blakey and he took over
let me stop you before we go into Blakey
how how again was the kind of the press
treating you know we know that they show
the Watergate hearings on national TV I
think they did to the church committee
at least on public television uh how was
the press reaction to to this committee
was it taken seriously in the press the
same thing you asked me from what I've
been able to garner from what I've been
able to get from the newspaper accounts
once Sprague and Tannenbaum were
appointed and once they made clear what
they were going to do all right
Sprague began to the attack in the press
just like Jim Garrison all right and it
was in The Washington Post a guy named
Walter Pincus it was very close to the
CIA and also in the New York Times okay
uh and so a lesser extent any LA Times
right and this began and also Newsweek
this week all right and so Sprague began
to be viciously attacked okay be and the
reason of course of you asked me I think
the reason was that the powers that be
did not want a real investigation of the
JFK case because for example one of the
things that Sprague was very interested
in is Sylvio do he did not understand
why the Warren Commission didn't believe
Sylvio do all right this of course was a
witness in the Dallas Fort Worth area
who said that to to Cubans in Oswald
visited her in late September of 1963
the problem see the problem is spread
saw it was it's very hard to allow
for both auto of being in Silvio Leo's
house and Oswald being in Mexico City
and it is very hard you know this is one
of the reasons the Warren Commission
decided they weren't going to believe
Silvio do all right so if you believe
he's at Silvio Tio's house then you have
a problem with Mexico City if you
believe in Mexico City then the other
problem of Silvio do but the problem is
so the others are very good with us
because she told more than one person
about this visit before the
assassination plus she had her sister
there Annie okay so it became a very and
in fact Silvia Mara thought so highly of
Silvio do that she actually put a
heading on her chapter called the proof
of the plot when she discussed the
Silvio do aspect of the case the other
thing that Sprague was interested in is
he want to set up experiments about the
single Bullet theory and he was going to
do them in public except they were going
to be real experiments okay not setups
like the FBI did for the Warren
Commission all right and he was going to
invite the press there he actually
announced that all right and he was
going to hire independent investigators
not going to use the FBI in the CIA all
right and he was going to have you know
independent medical doctors all right
and he had a fleet of I think 13 lawyers
and one of the first things that he did
is that he did a review of all the
photographic evidence and according to
Al Lewis dysplastic all day you know for
about about six hours all right
and before the presentation began
Sprague turned around all the aids there
and said I don't want anybody to leave
and I saw
leave and I don't plan on leaving mmm
okay
and so al Lewis told me that when that
when those presentations were over okay
out of the 13 lawyers 12 of them did not
believe the Warren Commission anymore
right
and I talked to one of the investigators
LJ delsa and he told me when they when
they looked at the Zapruder film and the
autopsy evidence you know they just
something's really screwy here okay with
his autopsy evidence and the and misuk
Reuter film so in that phase under
spread and Tannenbaum you know those
guys were really looking at the Kennedy
case like homicide they were really
looking at the evidence that the hard
core evidence that is the autopsy the
Zapruder film the photographs and they
were leaning towards the critics you
know and so the Warren Commission was
really under siege him but the media
began to attack spring necessity I think
there was a five-part series in The New
York Times
oh wow and then and then at the end of
this series they did and this is what
they usually do then they did an
editorial
asking Sprague to resign okay you know I
think Walter Pincus called the House
Select Committee one of the most
irresponsible
you know outrageous government bodies
ever created all right and so that's
when these when these attacks began and
then there began to be this oral between
Henry Gonzalez to new chairman and spray
and spring actually won that because the
people on the committee ended up backing
in over Gonzalez but it was a pirate
victory because you know you don't
dispose of a committee chairman in
Washington see those guys those 435
congressmen that's what they live for
they live to become a committee chairman
and here you had a guy you know
disposing of a pyramid a chairman so the
word got out that they see that
committee was not a standing committee
it was what they call a special or
select committee so it had to come up
for funding every other year I think and
so when the funding issue came up the
Congress made it clear that we're not
funding this as Sprague stays is what
happened at Gonzalez so Sprague resigned
Ashleigh Tannenbaum told me Cameron Baum
resigns first he wanted to leave first
because the problems he was having
getting the committee to call back David
Phillips okay I should I go into that I
think I should go into a chat night huh
I mean I definitely am most kind of want
to get a sense of the things that made
an impact on the public mind I don't if
you think that's uh if you think that
was kind of in the public view then yeah
go for it okay all right okay
she Sprague did interview David Phillips
before Tannenbaum got there okay and
Phillips had said that there were no
tapes to survive and there were no
pictures okay he told spread that the
the camera was out that day all right
and he destroyed your tapes right so
Tannenbaum called him back because as
Mark Lane writes in his book last word
you know he had come up with his memo
that said the FBI agents in Dallas had
heard this um this tape except it wasn't
Oswald so can mom calls Phillips back
and he has his she's investigator there
and about four or five congressmen he
passes out the memo you know he asked
Philip slip how can you explain what you
told Sprague which I was in here for but
I
the transcript of that there were no
tapes when in fact on November 23rd the
FBI heard the tapes okay and so Philips
picked up the memo look at the memo oh
and then also Bob told me and radio
that's phone everybody said the other
thing you want to ask Phillips was why
did you not correct this in the seven
weeks between when Oz was supposed to be
in Mexico City the end to the day the
assassination why was this not corrected
yeah that's the main question won't ask
well Phillips folded up the memo put it
in his jacket pocket and walked them and
so I Tannenbaum wanted to get him call
back and he wanted to issue him a
warning that once we get you back here
you better have a lawyer because I'm
going to ask you to explain a
discrepancy in your testimony well the
committee thought that was too
aggressive okay
and so they balked at bringing him back
and so Tannenbaum told Sprague I'm going
to resign okay and Sprague said you
can't resign you know and and and he
goes because they're going to make me
resign and there's nobody to be here
okay
and so the committee will probably die
so they worked it out that Sprague would
resign cannon bomber now Lewis would
stay there okay until they came up with
a replacement so the committee would not
go down the drain all right and so
that's when Chris Dodd came up with Bob
Blakey this college professor who I
don't think ever handled a murder case
in his life I think was ever the lead
prosecutor on a murder case in his life
and he completely changed spreads
approach all right he completely changed
to give you a couple of examples
Sprague wanted to call regular press
conferences because he thought it was
necessary for them to be honest with the
public all right
well Blake he called one press
conference and said this will be my last
press conference all right okay and and
until the hearings were held that was
the case all right
secondly Sprague wanted a challenge
every aspect of the case from the
beginning all right
in other words from was Oswald in the
sixth floor did ours will order that
rifle could somebody get up three shots
in six seconds
all right how the heck did see three
nine nine get there did Oslo shoot tip
it okay those kind of basic questions
well Blake he'd really never questioned
any of that stuff okay or he never
really questioned the provenance of the
rifle you know he to this day he says he
believes in ce3 nine-nine okay you know
and and that was his approach and his
approach until the hearings came out was
that they would work essentially in
secret and he made all the employees
sign non-disclosure agreements they
wouldn't talk to the press even after
the investigation was over and also he
did get access to the FBI and CIA
documents but he had to sign an
agreement that before the report was
published the CIA and the FBI would have
a right of review over the final reports
in other words whatever went in to the
volumes and the final report had to be
cleared and advanced by those agencies
so this is why for example the Lopez
report was not published because as
Eddie Lopez told me when I asked him
that question he said Jim this is what
happened me
Danny Hardaway was Eddie's partner on
that Mike Goldsmith who was their
chairman of that particular committee
subcommittee and and Blakey got in a
room with two guys from the CIA and
since they had the right to final review
they had to start going through the
report right and Eddie said words the
effect it took five hours to get through
the first seven sentences right and so
therefore Blakey was not going to do
that because you just figure it out it
would have been taken over a year to get
to the report all right and so that's
why it didn't get published alright so
that was C it was kind of a paid Peter
to pay off you know you know steal from
Peter to pay Paul in other words the
investigators got the access to the
files but more or less the public did
not hmm okay and so that was a deal and
because they had to sign a nondisclosure
agreement you know you were you were
risking going to court if any of the
investigators said anything about what
they saw any was one of the very few
guys Eddie and Danny were two the very
few guys who actually spoke to the
public in the interim so you know that's
that was the problem with that approach
right so let's uh know what I mean when
you talk about the findings of the HFC a
they did conclude as 95 some odd percent
chance of a conspiracy and then Blakey
comes out with his the mob did it book
did uh which other wasn't in the
official report you know it was kind of
the report focused I guess on
anti-castro Cubans and said some some of
these people should be sent to
Justice Department and the Justice
Department should look into it how did
this have make any impact in the media
at all or did the media immediately kind
of discount this the findings of the
HSAs as we care tempted as they were let
me let me answer that in two ways first
of all the impact of the acoustics
evidence at first was pretty powerful
all right
but then the powers that be decided to
do certain committee reports to try and
discredit it all right
and so that weekend you know the the
impact of the holes because Blakey had
banked almost everything for his second
assassin on the grass you know on the
acoustical evidence okay alright and so
that ended up being kind of confused but
then the other thing that he did is that
he said if there was a second assassin
that it was a mafia plot and then he had
the problem of fitting Lee Harvey Oswald
into the Mafia plot alright which which
is to put it mildly it's very hard to do
ok and as more and more evidences come
out you know it's even harder to do ok
because some of the evidence said Blakey
relied upon let's put this way has not
been borne out ok by the Declassified
files all right and so this was what he
was stuck with so you know when although
Blakey goes on TV these days and
everyone salon for one of these specials
it's usually for a mafia did it you know
kind of angle you know to the crime
you know III you know I had an
for to appear with Blakey in Las Vegas a
few years ago I did I really didn't even
want to go because I I think essentially
what Bob Blakey did was he put another
disguise diversion you know on to the
onto the Jaypee a case because I don't I
don't really think in my opinion I
really don't believe that his theory his
ultimate conclusion you know is a viable
one I just don't a I don't think uh the
single Bullet theory is believable or
credible in fact to me it's been pretty
much annihilated with the newest
evidence we have and number two I I
don't believe that Traficante or
Giancana or Rachelle we would have ever
in their right mind hired Oswald as a
hitman okay dad access isn't pretty good
marksman so why on earth would they
employ this guy who couldn't hit the
broadside of a barn door and when he
left the service you know as an assassin
so I just don't think that Blakey's
ultimate conclusions you know are very
viable today right and but they I mean
that didn't cause anyone in the media
even they never change their no even at
the HSN to the HSE a you still the media
was still straightaway as well did it
right most of most of the media most of
the media you know acknowledged what the
HSE a concluded but it didn't very it
didn't have a very lasting effect with
the mainstream media okay um most of the
mainstream media if you ask them you
know the positions of guys were in
positions of power they're going to go
along with the Warren Commission the the
impact oblique he had if he had any and
he did have some
you know was that if there was an
alternative okay he wanted to make the
alternative the Mafia okay and I in my
opinion was successful on that he did
make that you know a you know an
alternative okay because most people
today if you ask them you know if you
don't believe the Warren Commission what
do you believe you know the two leading
candidates are the CIA and the mob okay
so he was successful in that aspect all
right okay so that's that's the late 70s
now you've got the whole decade of the
80s and I don't know there's anything
you want to say about that but we do
finally you know for whatever the
reasoning was that it was allowed to be
made Oliver Stone's JFK comes out on the
ARB you know begins to go through these
documents do you want to talk about
stone stone the effect that had and then
start to talk about some of the major
things that you have because you've done
a lot of work with the AAV material you
want to talk about some of the more
interesting things that have come out of
that okay Oliver Stone's movie on JFK is
largely based upon Jim Garrison's memoir
on the trail of the assassins and but he
did bring in some supplementary material
and a lot of that dealt with Vietnam
okay now Jim Garrison did believe by
about 1968 1969 that Vietnam was one of
the reasons for the Kennedy
assassination right and in fact there's
a not very well-known interview that he
did towards the end when he says words
of the effect that the Kennedy
assassination was much larger much more
sinister than I thought of when I
started this thing and today
I firmly believe the Vietnam War was
part of it all right and I think that's
in John barbers film okay where he says
words that affect all right um but the
point is that they took that uh even
further than what garrison knew or felt
because they Fletcher Prouty worked on
Kennedy's withdraw plan in the fall of
1963 him and his boss Victor Krulak okay
actually wrote the McNamara Taylor
report um this was a mission that
Kennedy sent those two men on to Saigon
to write up a progress report and Kenny
did not trust them to actually write up
the report so he had Bobby Kennedy
supervise the writing of that report and
then it was jetted out Hawaii and it was
in a bound form okay to those two men
and they read it on the way in and that
was the basis for an Sam 263 and em Sam
263 which is prominently featured in the
movie okay is the order to begin
withdrawing 1,000 troops from Vietnam in
December of 1963 that can be completed
by the fall of 1965 all right and the
other source for that information was
the fact that the screenwriter is
Zachary Squire Oliver Stone had access
to John Newman the manuscript for John
Newman's revolutionary book JFK in
Vietnam all right and that was really
the look it was the first book that had
as a central thesis that Kennedy was
going to be withdrawing from Vietnam
that he was assassinated before he could
enact that program and that
in Johnson then went ahead and reverse
that policy in just a matter of weeks
which has turned out to be true because
the impact of the film was so powerful
because of the tag line that was placed
on as a title at the end where it said
words the effect the files of the House
Select Committee have been classified
until the year 2000 39 that embarrassed
um mr. Stokes who replaced Henry
Gonzales as the chairman of that
committee and his daughter asked them as
they were leaving the theater daddy how
come you kept those secret perfectly
okay so so when they got back to
Washington you know there was testimony
Oliver Stone was one of the witnesses
and they came up with this Citizens
Committee called the ARB assassination
Review Board that was in effect from
1994 to 1998 and it Declassified 60,000
documents in over two million pages and
one of them one of the documents I think
there's about 800 pages on Vietnam one
of them was a records of the 1963 the
may 1963 sec death conference in which
Robert McNamara has a meeting of all the
CIA State Department and Pentagon guys
from Vietnam flies him in Hawaii and he
goes I want the schedules for a withdraw
plan that's going to be starting in
December of this year good and every
person that you employ is going to be
out of here there's going to be out of
Vietnam by the fall of 1965 and when he
and when he got the schedules at that
meeting he turns to the people there and
says this is too slow okay we have to be
fine
ester now what's very interesting about
that
and I haven't really addressed this
question but I think it's important to
address it the reason McNamara probably
said that okay and you take that in
tandem with a documented the wonderful
British researcher Malcolm Blount got
for me okay and he said to me Kennedy
had ordered an evacuation plan for
Vietnam in November of 1963 and he
actually got he actually got it back
before he's assassinated all right in my
opinion in my opinion the reason
McNamara said that and the reason the
Kennedy ordered that evacuation plan is
because they were worried okay that the
Communists would take over the country
before nineteen late 1965 they were that
worried okay and that's how that's how
bad okay
that math American Kennedy thought about
the Saigon government all right so that
turned out to be absolutely true and by
the way the shocking thing about those
documents order Declassified in 1997 is
that the New York Times and the
Philadelphia Inquirer
both were forced to admit that Kennedy
had a withdraw plan in place in 1963 in
other words what Oliver Stone said six
years earlier and he caught all kinds of
Hell for now that mainstream media is
six years later is now admitting was
true huh okay so the ARB unfortunately
did not get a lot of publicity and they
probably were underfunded and they
probably did not stay in my opinion
they lasted for four years and that
probably wasn't enough to do the job
okay in my opinion the Arabi should have
had a lifetime of about seven years okay
because as we can see now there is many
many documents that weren't released the
official count is that over 3,000
documents that weren't released but a
researcher out of Houston named Ramon
Herrera who's doing an article or
Kenny's in King calm he actually places
that figure as three times that amount
as over 9,000 documents that haven't
been released now there was a loophole
in the law referring to Han going
operations and names of agents but if
you see a lot of these documents they
don't relate to that loophole okay so in
my opinion they were just simply being
illegally withheld
all right so Oliver Stone's movie
created a lot of interest in the JFK
case a lot of books are published for a
period of about 10 months the apps you
put the GfK case back in play you know
he got to ARB created but the problem is
that the other side decided you know
enough is enough and so they
commissioned specifically Robert Loomis
and Harry Evans and Random House
commissioned Gerald Palmer to write this
book called case closed and then they
waited for the 30th anniversary to
spring their trap okay
and so in 1993 they gave case closed
probably the biggest publicity buildup
that I can ever remember okay around a
single non-fiction book you know I think
you have to go back to maybe in cold
blood to find a book that got to build
up and and the publicity toward at that
book gone
um you know the cover US News and World
Report ABC special all right
national tour many talk shows you know
and they used that terrible awful book
you know to go ahead and build up to
nineteen ninety-three 30th anniversary
you know as in Oswald did it get get it
again and and it's very unfortunate in
my opinion for a lot of different
reasons you know that they did that okay
because you know case closed is just a
horrendous book all the way around how
can you just begin with the title how
can you say a case is closed
when two million pages of documents are
being released many of which completely
obliterate pause there's book you know
right I mean the book was bad enough to
begin with on its own terms you know but
these new documents completely vide
eight several of the of the tennis that
he has netbook but it does it didn't
matter to them it didn't matter to them
and that famous had their whole idea was
number one we're going to rally around
this book to obliterate Oliver Stone's
movie number two we're going to demonize
the critics at number three we're not
going to put them on any of our shows
anymore and that was the plan and that's
what they did because in the famous near
times ad but I think it was a two-part
ad that Harold Evans paid for at Random
House you know he he he accused people
like Jim Marrs Oliver Stone Jim Garrison
Robert Groden and David liftin the
famous ad was guilty of misleading the
American public all right okay and then
he said next week we'll find out the
truth
so the second part of the ad one
assassin one gun case closed by Gerald
Posner well of course now we know of
course that the gun delightful and
evidence that the Warren Commission says
that Oswald used to kill Kennedy that's
not even the rifle the Warren Commission
says that Oswald ordered except the fact
so that was a big problem which care of
course Harold Evans didn't give a damn
about right now are you good for a few
more minutes couple more questions I
don't know how if you've got the better
take off that's fine just yeah I can
give you a few more minutes here okay
great because I definitely wanted to
kind of get to the 2017 stuff I am you
know I know there's a lot of important
researchers like John Newman and
Jefferson Morley and Bill symptoms have
been very interested I think in you know
what could be coming out in 2017 about
George or needies and other CA things do
you have any specific hopes for 2017 of
what you want to see come out well see
the thing is as I alluded to earlier the
see that the index that we have are
these documents was due to a FOIA
request okay by a certain individual and
the index and this is very recent to me
because the index they prepared is very
very sketchy I think you can see it at
who what where why
okay Russ Baker's site I think we have
it again we have it at Kennedy's in King
comm also okay and it's vid to say that
it's sketchy doesn't even really tell
you how sketchy it really is because it
basically says the originating body okay
when the document was originated alright
and the general heading on the document
and that's about it it doesn't tell you
the page number how many pages are in
the document okay and some of them some
of the
boxes are not even filled in so we don't
even know who the originating body on
the document was and there is no
description of of what type it is in
other words is it a report is it an
interview and so when learner era like I
said Manitou go ahead and do his own
inquiry into the narrow database that is
a National Archives database and he says
that the number of documents is wrong
okay upon his inquiry and he says that
it's really more like over 9,000
documents they've been withheld now you
would think that in such an important
subject as this in other words
supposedly the final document release
ever by the federal government in the
JFK case that the National Archives will
be working overtime to try and put
together the very best index of
documents that they could possibly do
because there's whether or not they
believe it or not there is going to be
some publicity to this occasion okay you
know all right and so then there's going
to be a lot of researchers here on that
day going through these documents all
right
so you would think the National Archives
you know would have enough respect for
that occasion and a death of President
Kennedy to put together a really good
index number number one an accurate
index you know are there three thousand
four hundred or are there nine thousand
three hundred okay all right you know
and really describe what the document is
consistently throughout you know with
all the information so we can go find
them
once they're issued so I'm very very
disappointed in the fact that they
haven't done a better job on this you
know and I know whose fault that is
you know but you can bet that once
Ramones article
comes out which will be in about a week
okay that that I'm going to be talking
about this particular issue you know see
the ARB like I said earlier the ARB was
underfunded and it didn't have enough of
a budget and it didn't have enough time
for instance when they went to Russia
the KGB had a very large extensive file
on Lee Harvey Oswald which would be very
important if you ask me you know but
they wanted money for it because of
course this was at Yeltsin began to ruin
the economy the whole country is going
down the tubes you know so they wanted
money and the ARB couldn't come up with
enough money well that's why they spent
16 and some-odd million on the Zapruder
film I know that was a DRB I was longer
okay you know you know and so you know
and so you know that's what I mean they
are be did if you ask me the ARB did a
kind of adequate job considering that
they were underfunded and that they were
did not last long enough you know one of
the better chapters in doug horns book
inside the ARB is the i wish it was
longer you know he spent about as he was
on the air be he has about sixteen pages
on the assassinations record review
board and it's pretty interesting you
ask me like David Marr well the first
chief counsel you know would have lunch
with Gerald Posner you know there was
not there was not one picture let alone
a wall portrait of Kennedy in the ARB
headquarters you know so this was you
know you know did the ARB did a good do
did they do a good job did they do a bad
job another thing that really bothers me
is that you know tunheim when he was
invited to Washington by the Cata to do
a speech you know is still going
by that Lee Harvey Oswald sanity yeah
you wonder did he read his own documents
you know the Jeremy gun
Jeremy gun was a to counsel but I think
three out of the four years you know and
Jeremy gun did a inquiry into the
medical evidence you know if you ask me
just the ARB inquiry into the medical
evidence pretty much if it's the idea
that Oswald shot Kennedy and then I want
to go in the whole thing goes up take
another two hours but you know their
inquiry into that you know because they
did several depositions they actually
found a couple new witnesses actually
more than a couple you know and they did
a fairly good job on that aspect you
know I mean you got the testimony of the
photographer you know stringer you know
when he when Jeremy gun and took him to
the National Archives and showed him the
pictures of the brain you know stringer
was speechless because he looked at the
pictures he looked at the the actual
name of the film you know and and gun
asked him did you take these pictures
and he said no and he said well how do
you know you didn't take them he goes
because see that name at the bottom of
that film I never used that film okay
you know and said in the way you see the
way this the the picture is taken you
know you know the the thickness of it
goes I never used that process okay
let's call the press pack I never used
press pack okay you know and so he said
so gun and said so you're denying here
under oath that these are your
photographs and he says yes
you know so you wonder did did did did
too and I'm read that interview on you
know so the question is it's a very
least we took those pictures and the
secondary question of any investigation
will have to be how come why do they
need a second photographer you need to
come in and take the actual pictures of
the brain and I think that anybody who's
studied this case will come to
conclusion that the pictures of the
brain in the National Archives today are
phony day you check out all the witness
testimony there's much too much damage
there's about 16 witnesses who will
testify to there being much much more
extensive damage to the brain then what
is the picture than those pictures and
also what the official measurement is
because the official measurement was
1500 grams that's too large for an
intact brain okay let alone all the
damages all these people saw so you know
you you really wonder you know what is -
now I'm talking about you know so that's
another good thing the ARB did right so
let me let me ask you one last one last
question yeah where do you think we'll
be in in 2063 do you think the press
will finally have caught up to public
opinion or do you think it could go the
other way what are your hopes for or
what do you see happening and as this
thing finally goes down into history as
it must as the generations who live
through it kind of pass on okay so
you're talking about 100 anniversary
yeah you know just what do you think
that whoever change in look I think if
you asked the first generation of
critics people like Ray Marcus you know
and Harold Weisberg and Sylvia Marr
among others I think if you would have
asked them do you think the cover-up
will hold for
25 more years you know I think it would
have said no because I think the people
in the media who were part of that will
have passed on by then okay and and so
we'll have more freedom for people to
really investigate the truth well that
didn't happen and what happened instead
of the 30th anniversary
like I said they got behind Potter's
book the 40th anniversary Peter Jennings
came out with his horrendous special ABC
special did the 50th anniversary was the
worst of all it was the worst of all it
was just one of the most unbelievably
shocking you know exhibitions of cya
that I've ever seen in my life
okay I even me someone as skeptical as
me was stunned by that and by the
another of the fact that the powers that
be in Dallas decided they weren't going
to let to have the critics anything to
do with Dealey Plaza if you recall the
Belo Corporation which owns the major
newspapers and TVs there ok got together
with the 6th floor
alright and the mayor and they decided
to fence off Dealey Plaza literally okay
and then control everything that came
out of it all right and I was actually
there and it was really something to see
if the Dallas police had that's much
security out for John F Kennedy John F
Kennedy would never been shot you know
but in this one they had literally 200
cops at every entry point they had
policemen on horseback
if anybody broke through he's right okay
and you had to be cleared through
Homeland Security to be invited into
Dealey Plaza and then they had David
McCullough
do the address for John F Kennedy if
anybody can tell me where David
McCullough ever did any work on John F
Kennedy either his life or death I'd
like to see it okay but it was a
complete setup job that's how worried
they were because they knew there would
be literally scores of press people
there and they did not want to risk
having anybody there to give the
dissenting story all right they didn't
want John Newman on international TV
okay they didn't want Tim Thompson being
interviewed by any alternative media
they didn't want anybody like that to
get on TV because they wanted to control
the message coming out of Dallas and in
the guys in New York City got a dying
Vincent Bugliosi through the auspices of
Tom Hanks to do a special you know for
them I think it was on CNN so this is
how bad this has become it's become like
an institutionalized you know Union
memory of suppression so if you ask me
do I think things will change in the
long-term future I opted that example
I'd have to say no I don't think so
but so you think they can't control the
internet that's what we have in our
favor okay as long as these people like
you there's people like me there's
people like Rex Bradford there's people
like Debra Conway you know then we get
our message out and we do pretty well
okay huh well good that there is
anything else else did you want to ask
well I well okay when you did my
introduction he forgot reclaiming
parkland okay that's the the other book
I wrote that just a few years ago and in
addition to the releases of the ARB in
October there's going to be a mock trial
in Houston in November
okay oh and that should be that should
be an interesting event they got Alec
Baldwin to be the master of ceremonies
for the dinner that's going to be on the
first night there's going to be a
two-day trial at the University I think
it's the University of South Texas or
something like that we have it up we
Larry snap was one of the attorneys we
did an article for Kennedys and King so
you can get all the information there
okay cool um yeah no thanks a lot this
was I think we really covered a lot of
history I wasn't sure if we could do it
but you know thanks a lot you are really
well a wealth of knowledge on all this
stuff so I appreciate your John thank
you David
thanks much this has been our hidden
history
[Music]